Legend has it that if you happen to see a one of the famous ‘albino squirrels’ on your way to take an exam, you’ll ace it!
The famous Big Bertha drum weighs in at over 500 pounds, measures eight feet in diameter, and is almost a century old!
The University Library holds close to 10 million volumes, making it the 7th largest college library in the country!
The very beautiful Littlefield Fountain, located on the South Mall, was built to commemorate UT students and alumni who died during World War I!
Smokey The Cannon was built in 1953 and is shot every time the school’s football team, the Longhorns, score a touchdown. It gets fired a lot!
Quite a few famous celebrities are former UT students, including Mathew McConahey, Kevin Durant and Ricky Williams!
The Hook ‘em Horns hand signal was introduced at 1955 during a pep rally, by head cheerleader at the time Harley Clark Jr. The hand signal was later recognized as Top College Hand Signal by Sports Illustrated!
UT’s mascot, Bevo, earned its name during 1915 when the Aggies won 13-0 during a football match up. Thrilled, the Longhorns changed the 13 to a B, the hyphen to an E and added a V before the 0. The result? Bevo!
Bevo's name is a play on the word 'beeves,' which is the plural word for 'beef'!
UT's mascot used to be a pit bulldog named Pig!
How do you know that you have been in college too long? Your parents are running out of money!
Why did the sun skip college? It already has a million degrees!
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bi-son.
If pilgrims traveled on the Mayflower, what do college students travel on? Scholar-ships.
What do you call hiking U.S. college students? The walking debt.
What is a Gen Z’ers favorite college? Juuliard.
My old girlfriend wanted me to do her college algebra homework for her. But frankly, I didn’t want to solve for ex.
How did the fraternity brother get a bump on his head? He was attempting a keg stand.
What is the best way to save money during college? Use Happy Hour as your main dining option.
What do you get if you cross a student and an alien? Something from another universe-ity.